Lab 3

This API is to be used to manage a system that monitors the status of a set of electronically measured water tanks. 

The API created allows for each IoT enabled water tank to interface the server so that the measure values can be represented visually on the web page provided in lab.

The API also supports the maintenance of a simple user profile.

Thever should is able to perform  actions of a simple HTTP web server. The server is be able to perform actions on a resource such as Create, Read, Update and Delete.


### Profile Routes

**GET /profile**

The server application allows a user to create only one user profile. The get request only ever return a singular JSON object.

**POST /profile**

The server allows for an incoming POST request that accepts a JSON body.  The `last_updated` attribute generates both date and time.
The route also return status code that indicates that an object was successfully created.

### Data Routes

**GET /data**

This route returns an array of 0 or more objects. If a POST request was successfully made to the /data route previously, the GET route should return the posted object in the array.
The route also returns status code that indicates that an object was successfully created.

**POST /data**

This route accepts a JSON structure. On success, the server respond the the same JSON that was posted with the addition of an `_id` attribute. This `_id` is generated by the database. 
The route also return status code that indicates that an object was successfully created.

**PATCH /data/:id**

The server allows users to alter the parts of one of the tanks after it has been posted. The server allows the requester to make a JSON body with any combination of the four attributes and update them as necessary 

**DELETE /data/:id**

The erver application allows the requester to delete any previously POSTed object. The server application send back a message to the client once the objects has been deleted. There is, however, a suitable response code that indicated that an empty response is expected.